all righty here's my latest project
running the 1957 Evinrude 7.5 fleet
Quinn picked it up in November at the
mad berry new hampshire outboard Club
flop mate
I went through it top to bottom replace
the coils reset the points
new spark plugs I rebuild the carburetor
we blaze the fuel lines put a water pump
impeller in it
and it runs excellent just need the fine
tuner on the boat in the spring
smoking quite a bit from the heavy 16 to
1 mix I'm running in it motor actually
needs it it's got low bronze bushings of
the power head which would be on the
rods the upper lower and center main and
on the wrist bends
on the water like a champ
very tight motor and I can tell you can
see it idles down rivers run nothing
it'll almost stay running on stop and I
got a choke it to kill it had some
problems with my pressure tanks which is
rectified by I rebuilt the connectors um
took them apart
change the o-rings cleaned them up
inside and it's actually a really nice
original motor here's the hood for it in
the shop now
really nice original condition I just
want to thank Bill t-mike walk the motor
from gave me a good deal on it hopefully
this will be well one of the first
motors to go on the boat in the spring
so thanks for watching guys bye